push subscription state refresh (#3732)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/push/users_and_subscriptions.md

#### Provisional Authorization and Quiet Push {#provisional-push}

Prior to iOS 12 (released in 2018), all users must explicitly opt-in to receive push notifications.

In iOS 12, Apple introduced [Provisional Authorization][provisional-blog], allowing brands the option to send quiet push notifications to their users' Notification Center before they explicitly opt-in, giving you a chance to demonstrate the value of your messages early. Check out our documentation to learn more about [provisional authorization]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/push/ios/notification_options/#provisional-push-authentication--quiet-notifications).

![A notification in the system Notification Center with a message at the bottom asking, "Keep receiving notifications from the Yachtr app?" with two buttons below to "Keep" or "Turn Off"][ios-provisional-push]{: style="float:right;max-width:430px;width:50%;margin-left:15px;border:0"}

### Web

On the web, you must request explicit opt-in from users via the native browser permission dialog.

> Unlike iOS and Android which lets your app show the permission prompt at any time, modern browsers will only show the prompt if it was triggered off of a "user gesture" (mouse click or keystroke). If your site tries to request Push Notification permission on pageload, it will likely be ignored or silenced by the browser.

Reviewer: Chrome doesn't actually require a user gesture, so maybe `some modern browsers`?
```suggestion
Unlike iOS and Android which lets your app show the permission prompt at any time, some modern browsers will only 
```

Author: ```suggestion
Unlike iOS and Android which lets your app show the permission prompt at any time, some modern browsers will only show the prompt if it was triggered off of a "user gesture" (mouse click or keystroke). If your site tries to request Push Notification permission on pageload, it will likely be ignored or silenced by the browser.
```

As a result, you should ask for permission only when a user clicks somewhere on your website and not randomly when a page loads.

## Push Tokens

[Push tokens][push-tokens] are a unique anonymous identifier generated by a user's device and sent to Braze to identify where to send each recipient's notification.

> There are two different types of [push tokens][push-tokens] that are essential to understanding how a push notification is successfully sent to your users.

Reviewer 2: Maybe more correctly characterized as different states a push token can be in. The same push token can be re-categorized

Author: ```suggestion
There are two different ways a [push token][push-tokens] can be classified that are essential to understanding how a push notification can be sent to your users.
```

> **Foreground push** provide the ability to send regular push notifications to the foreground of a user's device.

Author: ```suggestion
**Foreground push** provide the ability to send regular visible push notifications to the foreground of a user's device.
```

> **Foreground push tokens** provide the ability to send regular push notifications to the foreground of a user's device.

Author: ```suggestion
**Foreground push** provide the ability to send regular push notifications to the foreground of a user's device.
```

> **Background push tokens** are assigned to all devices that have a brand’s app downloaded, regardless of if that particular device has opted-in to receive push notifications from that brand. Background push tokens allow brands to send silent push notifications - push notifications that intentionally won’t be displayed to devices in order to support key functionalities like uninstall tracking.

Reviewer 3: FWIW there's no distinction between _Foreground push tokens_ and _Background push tokens_. A unique token is used for both type of notifications.

### iOS

> Regardless of the response to the foreground push opt-in prompt, users receive a background push token if you have "Remote Notifications" enabled in Xcode. This allows you to send silent push to the device. 

Reviewer 3: And call [`registerForRemoteNotifications()`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplication/1623078-registerforremotenotifications).

Author: ```suggestion
Regardless of if a user accepts the foreground push opt-in prompt, you will still be able to send background push if you have "Remote Notifications" enabled in Xcode, and your app calls [[registerForRemoteNotifications()](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplication/1623078-registerforremotenotifications).
```

> Regardless of if a user accepts the foreground push opt-in prompt, you will still be able to send background push if you have "Remote Notifications" enabled in Xcode, and your app calls [[registerForRemoteNotifications()](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplication/1623078-registerforremotenotifications).

Author: ```suggestion
Regardless of if a user accepts the foreground push opt-in prompt, you will still be able to send background push if you have "Remote Notifications" enabled in Xcode, and your app calls [registerForRemoteNotifications()](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplication/1623078-registerforremotenotifications).
```
